README.md, before:

# password-generator
-Added confirm messages to ask the user for input
-Added if else statement to restrict user input
-Added prompt messages to ask the user for input
-Created arrays with lowercase and uppercase letters, numbers, and special characters
-Added if statement if the user cancels everything
-Created a for loop that iterates through the arrays to add their elements to the password string
-Created if statements for each password generator condition with for loops
-Created a function for the for loops to make the program faster
-Created a function to select a random array
-Created way to select a random element in the array
-Created an object out of the variables
-Recreated code using 

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

Create an application that generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code. It will also feature a clean and polished user interface and be responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.

If you are unfamiliar with special characters, take a look at [some examples](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Password_special_characters).

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```

The following image demonstrates the application functionality:

![password generator demo](./Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Added a for loop to create a random password based on the length from the user input.

README.md, after:

# password-generator
-Added confirm messages to ask the user for input
-Added if else statement to restrict user input
-Added prompt messages to ask the user for input
-Created arrays with lowercase and uppercase letters, numbers, and special characters
-Added if statement if the user cancels everything
-Created a for loop that iterates through the arrays to add their elements to the password string
-Created if statements for each password generator condition with for loops
-Created a function for the for loops to make the program faster
-Created a function to select a random array
-Created way to select a random element in the array
-Created an object out of the variables
-Changed confirm messages to delete an array out of the object if the user doesn't want to include those characters
-Added a for loop to create a random password based on the length from the user input.

# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

Create an application that generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code. It will also feature a clean and polished user interface and be responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.

If you are unfamiliar with special characters, take a look at [some examples](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Password_special_characters).

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```

The following image demonstrates the application functionality:

![password generator demo](./Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
